[Marketplace Contribution] Community Common Scripts - Content Pack Update (#37697)
demisto/content: Packs/CommunityCommonScripts/Scripts/ToCase/README.md

## Script Data

---

| **Name** | **Description** |
| --- | --- |
| Script Type | python3 |
| Tags | transformer, string |

## Inputs

---

| **Argument Name** | **Description** |
| --- | --- |

> | case | Default is 'capital. Can also be 'title' or 'swap'. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| case | Default is "capital". Can also be "title" or "swap". |
```
